a web exclusive my name is russell grant
you had probably best known me as an
astrologer but for people in Wales and
in Wales that know me as being very much
involved in theater musical theatre and
in Middlesex and probably the Home
Counties they've known me just as much
for being involved in non-league sport I
don't know who could blame you know is
it sort of contemporary people who could
blame you now um oh goodness who could
blame me now I don't know I suppose
someone like kate winslet i've lost 10
stone she's looking quite dapper over in
Venice isn't she Kate Winslet could play
me but only just oh that is so difficult
because I met them all now bar to just
one left be robbie savage on this I'm
Aquarius he's Libra so when we first met
which was just two days ago we just hit
it off like a house on fire we've got so
many connections in astrologically in
the things we both enjoy the charitable
side of stuff and he's been marvelous
helping Wrexham football club community
there get the club back together oh I
could go on but I was I'll stop there
but it would have to be him because it
wouldn't be boring with it but I could
be in that lift forever and we not stop
yeah this is really really strange
because in the interval at the theatre
we were playing bliss I wanted to have
numbers that would nothing to do with
the sixties so I put on a few different
numbers and one of them was the very
last CD I bought guess who it was holly
valance kiss kiss you have a secret tell
him what is it I suppose cooking really
I worked on a brilliant show last year
with Marco Pierre White and I really
loved it he's absolutely hilarious to
work with Russell
in both 2075 coming back in the final
that's my sous chef bang bang bang with
the knife he's brilliant and he said to
me said I so make scrambled eggs
anywhere in the world I've ever tasted
could be my breakfast so could that be
my hidden talent scrambled eggs
breakfast in bed